03 Object-Oriented Programming_20240529
Test your knowledge

1.What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do?

public: The member is accessible from any other code.
private: The member is accessible only within the body of the class or the struct in which it is declared.
protected: The member is accessible within its class and by derived class instances.
internal: The member is accessible only within files in the same assembly.
protected internal: The member is accessible from the current assembly or from derived classes.
private protected: The member is accessible within its class and by derived class instances within the same assembly.

2.What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to
a type member?

static: The member belongs to the type itself rather than to a specific object. It can be accessed without creating an instance of the class.
const: The member's value is set at compile time and cannot be changed. It must be initialized at the declaration.
readonly: The member's value can be assigned only during declaration or in the constructor of the same class. It can be set at runtime.

3. What does a constructor do?

A constructor is a special method in a class that is called 
when an object of the class is instantiated. It initializes the object's data members
and can set default values or perform other setup procedures.

4. Why is the partial keyword useful?

The partial keyword allows a class, struct, or interface to be split into multiple files. 
This can be useful for organizing code, 
especially in large projects, or when working with generated code.

5. What is a tuple?

A tuple is a data structure that can hold a fixed number of items, each with its own type. 
It is used to group multiple values together without creating a separate class.

6. What does the C# record keyword do?

The record keyword defines a reference type that provides built-in functionality for encapsulating data. 
Records provide value-based equality, making them useful for immutable data structures.

7. What does overloading and overriding mean?

Overloading: Defining multiple methods with the same name but different parameters (type or number) within the same class.
Overriding: Providing a new implementation for a virtual method in a derived class, replacing the base class implementation.

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?

Field: A variable that is directly declared in a class or struct.

Property: A member that provides a flexible mechanism to read, write, 
or compute the value of a private field. Properties can have getters and setters.

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?

By providing a default value for the parameter in the method signature.
e.g.
public void MyMethod(int param1 = 15, int param2 = 10) { }


10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?

Interface: A contract that defines a set of methods 
and properties that the implementing class must provide. Interfaces cannot contain implementation.

Abstract class: A class that can contain both abstract methods (without implementation) 
and concrete methods (with implementation). An abstract class cannot be instantiated directly.


11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?

All members of an interface are implicitly public.


12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.

True


13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.

True

14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.

False, The new keyword is used to hide a method in the base class, not override it.

15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 

False (Abstract methods can only be declared in abstract classes.)

16.
True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 

True


17. True/False.
Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class. 

True

18. True/False.
Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 


True


19. True/False.
In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the
base class.

False (Only methods marked as virtual or abstract in the base class can be overridden.)


20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface.

False (A class that implements an interface must provide implementations for all interface members.)


21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface.

True

22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.

False (C# does not support multiple inheritance of classes, but it does support multiple interfaces.)


23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.

True